RFD to introduce an RFD process (#405)
CVEProject/cve-schema: rfds/0000-establishing-the-rfd-process.md

RFDs should be submitted as Pull Requests against the [CVEProject/cve-schema
Git repository on GitHub][gh_repo], made against the
[`develop`][gh_repo_develop] branch. The precise steps for submitting a new
RFD are:

- [Fork the CVEProject/cve-schema repository][gh_forking] to your own user
  account.
- [Create a new branch for your RFD proposal][gh_branching], branching off of
  the `develop` branch from CVEProject/cve-schema.
- In this new branch, copy the file `rfds/_TEMPLATE.md` from the root of your
  checked out copy of your fork of CVEProject/cve-schema to a new file of the
  form `rfds/0000-<TITLE>.md`, replacing `<TITLE>` with an [ASCII][ascii] title
  for the RFD, with words separated by dashes.
- Complete the template as described within that copied document. The text in
  each section of the template describes the substance of the material that
  should be in that section.
- [Commit the changes][gh_commit] with a descriptive commit message describing
  the proposal.
- [Open a pull request][gh_pr] from your feature branch to the `develop` branch on the
  CVEProject/cve-schema repository.
- After the pull request is open, amend the RFD proposal file to link to that

>   Pull Request. Leave the RFD number as `0000`, it will be modified upon

Reviewer: Who is on the hook for this modification or what is the process intended to be for this?

Author: Generally I'd expect it to be done by one of the QWG chairs, whom I believe are also the people who have merge rights on the repo (and thus can use GitHub's "Maintainers can edit this branch" feature). They should be able to make a new commit on the PR's branch from the submitter's fork which amends the RFD number to the correct one before accepting the merge.

I can amend the proposal to make this explicit.

Author: Amended in 1e81089

The initial questions on the survey will be used to determine whether answers
will be considered for scoring. Anyone who answers "false" to both of the
following questions will not have their answers considered for the purpose of
scoring the survey results to determine whether the RFD has succeeded at its
success metric:

1. "I am a participant in the CVE Quality Working Group (have attended at least
   one CVE QWG meeting in the past six months)"
2. "I am a CVE ecosystem stakeholder (have consumed CVE records in the past six
   months)"

All other question answers are given on a 5-level Likert scale, with each
answer being assigned a point value, as follows:

- Strongly disagree (1 point)
- Disagree (2 points)
- Neither agree nor disagree (3 points)
- Agree (4 points)
- Strongly agree (5 points)

The questions will be:

3. "The CVE QWG's RFD process has made tracking the status of proposals to
   amend the CVE Record Format easier."
4. "The CVE QWG's RFD process has improved the level of rigor applied to
   proposals to amend the CVE Record Format."
5. "The CVE QWG's RFD process has made it easier to gather input on proposals
   to amend the CVE record format from QWG members."

> 6. "The CVE QWG's RFD process has made it easier to gathe rinput on proposals

Reviewer 2: Minor typo here:

”is easier to gathe rinput” => ”is easier to gather input”

```suggestion
6. "The CVE QWG's RFD process has made it easier to gather input on proposals
```

Author: Thanks! Fixed
